Terms Of Service For SteemCasino

SteemCasino is the first open-source based on the Steem Blockchain casino where users can compete against other users in the different games available.
These terms of service applies to everyone using the steemcasino service.
By using any of our services, you therefore agree to these terms of service as stated on this page.

Account
In other to use enjoy the services rendered by steemcasino, you need a steemit account. By opening an account with steemit.com and using it on our site, you agree to be bound by our terms of service and other rules of our platform. Remember that it is your sole responsibility to keep account your login details safe.

Amendment of terms
We are free to make any correction, addition or any form of modification to this page as we deem fit. However a notice of the amendment will be made available to all our users on the platform.

Betting
We believe Before you begin to bet, you have gone through all our conditions and accepted all the risk involved . We also believe that you are in your sound mind and all your decisions were taken in sound mind.
 We reserves the right to amend, cancel, reclaim or refuse any bet or promotion, if suspicious activities like taking advantage of system error and other factors  are suspected and proven.

Disclaimer
We take no responsibilities for the outcomes of events that you place your bet on and therefore we are not responsible for any loss that you might incur. 
  Visit our Disclaimer page to learn more about this.

Discontinuation of Services
If for any reason there is need to discontinue any of our services for a particular user or all user, we have all the right to do so. However there will be a notice prior to the time of discontinuation with reasons attached.

Eligibility
SteemCasino Is Not for people under the age of 18. By using our service you agree that you are up to the legal age of 18 and in sound mind

Errors and Omissions
Incase of errors or omission, It is in your place to let us know as soon as possible so that we can rectify it.

Gaming
Before playing, You agree to accept any result and that you are up to 18 and ready to take responsibilities for all your actions.

Limitations
We do not take responsibilities for your actions, decisions and outcome of events as a result of using our services.

External Links
Visiting of any external link from the site is at owners risk and Steemcasino cannot be held responsible for any negative outcome of such visit.

Privacy Policy
Please refer to our privacy policy page to learn how we collect, use and disclose information that you provide to us.

Security
You agree to keeping your account details to yourself and not sharing it with anyone as we cannot be held responsible for any account details leakage and its subsequent consequences.

Suspension or Termination of Service
We might at any time decide to suspend or completely terminate any of our services to any user or all users as we deem fit. This may be due to any breach in contract or any other valid reason.

Site Content
Steemcasino does not control, are not responsible for and make no representations or warranties with respect to any user content. You are solely responsible for your access to, use of and/or reliance on any user content. 

Terms
By accessing and using any of SteemCasino services, you are bound by these terms and service and is responsible for compliance with any applicable local law.

User conduct
By using SteemCasino, you agree to been responsible in your gambling and usage of the platform. Any misconduct might lead to your suspension and possible dismissal.

Communications and notices
You can check our FAQ, Disclaimer page and Privacy policy page to learn more 
Feel free to contact us via the following:
Email:steemcasino@gmail.com
On Discord: https://discord.gg/RPHBBqM 
Github: https://github.com/andreistalker/steemcasino
